# Snake-Project
Iconic Snake game remade in python for COP final project, or rather our take on the iconic snake game made in python.

For our project, we decided to remake the code for the iconic snake game that we all know and love. We did have some trouble with coding the game, whether it was because of run time errors, getting the game to pop up when we wanted to run the game, and more. We did decide to go online and look and multiples codes for the game to try and get started up and to get some inspiration on how to make the game run and how we can put own little twist on the game. When we first got the coding done and we tried running it, it did work, but we felt like the game wasn't really chanlenging. So we decided to make it so everytime you ate one of the fruit, it would speed the snake up by one frame per second. We also tried to give the game its own background to make it feel like it was our game and not just every other snake game you can find online. We even put a scoreboard on our game to let the person playing the game know what score they are at so that they can feel accomplished and proud of themselves when they complete the game. We will know deminstrate how the game works by us three playing the game right now.

#New

  For our project we decided to remake the iconic snake game that we all know and love, while putting our own twist on it. Admittedly, we did have some trouble coding the game, whether it was because of runtime errors, syntax errors, or the game simply not popping up when we wanted it to, hence we decided to go online and look at how other people approached recreating the game. We did however put our own unique twist on the game. Once we finished coding however, we realized that the game really wasn't challenging, so we decided to add  a mode to spice things up a little. In this mode, everytime the snake ate a fruit, it would become faster, until it would eventually become quite the hassle to control. We also wanted to include a local leader board, so that whenever you play the game, you could compete against our scores, or some of your previous one’s. Furthermore, we also added a couple of customization options, like changing the background, or the design of your snake. All in all, we hope yall will enjoy playing the game.
